improvments to loki tutorial (#216)
kyma-project/examples: loki/README.md

  </details>
</div>

> >**TIP:** The used output plugin configuration uses all labels of a Pod to label the Loki log streams. Performancewise, such segregation of the log streams might be not optimal. Follow [Loki's labelling best practices](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/best-practices/) for a tailormade setup that fits your workload configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**TIP:** You can adjust the installation to your needs:
>
>- The used output plugin configuration uses all labels of a Pod to label the Loki log streams. Performancewise, such segregation of the log streams might be not optimal. Follow [Loki's labelling best practices](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/best-practices/) for a tailor-made setup that fits your workload configuration.
>- These instructions install Loki in a lightweight setup that does not fulfil production-grade qualities. Consider using a scalable setup based on an object storage backend instead (see [Simple scalable deployment of Grafana Loki with Helm](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/installation/simple-scalable-helm/)).
```

> >**NOTE:** These instructions install Loki in a lightweight setup that does not fulfil production-grade qualities. Consider using a scalable setup based on an object storage backend instead (see [Simple scalable deployment of Grafana Loki with Helm](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/installation/simple-scalable-helm/)).

Reviewer: Combine both notes into one

```suggestion
```
